

Sr. Consultant
Sr. Consultant
FreelanceFreelance
Jan 2024 - Present · 1 yr 8 mosJan 2024 to Present · 1 yr 8 mos
Nagpur, Maharashtra, India · RemoteNagpur, Maharashtra, India · Remote
 Served the team as a Scrum Master/Product Owner Facilitated Product, Sprint Backlog refinement, priori zing and 
assigning User Stories, and Utilized Confluence to maintain accurate and up-to-date documentation. 
 Spearheaded Agile process improvements, achieving an 85% client satisfaction rate and increased customer adoption by leading cross-functional teams through iterative refinement. 
 Utilized facilitation skills to orchestrate efficient Scrum ceremonies, fostering collaborative team environments and ensuring seamless execution of Agile methodologies. 
 Developed and implemented consistent processes, resulting in a 90% reduction in process variations, complementing an increase in delivery efficiency, and adhering to industry standards. 

Also as a senior consultant 
I collaborated with cross-functional teams, developed and implemented processes, managed project leads, and led talent development initiatives, with technical expertise in software development and project management. 
- SaaS Project Collaboration & Delivery: 
Collaborated with cross-functional teams to drive SaaS project success, customer adoption, and value through agile methodologies.
- Process Development & Implementation: 
Worked with project leads to develop and implement consistent SaaS project processes and procedures, ensuring seamless delivery. 
- Project Monitoring, Reporting, & Stakeholder Management: 
Conducted regular project progress reviews and shared them with clients and management throughout the project lifecycle. 
- Leadership & Talent Development: 
Assisted in conducting project status review meetings, tracking open points, and establishing a robust talent pool focused on employee engagement and continuous improvement. 
Worked with team leads and leadership to foster a culture of collaboration, growth, and excellence.